DD-548 added readme and contribution (#10)
UKHomeOffice/passports-node-standards: README.md

# hmpo-node-standards

> This `hmpo-node-standards` helps standardise code across HMPO services.

Reviewer: `hmpo-node-standards` is a shared dependency that helps standardise code across HMPO services.

 might be a bit cleaner to read!

## Installation

Add `hmpo-node-standards` to your project’s `package.json`. For example.

```json
  "devDependencies": {
    "hmpo-node-standards": "^2.0.0"
  }
```

## Usage

> `checkengines` verfies if the current Node and npm version match the required version in `package.json`, if `engineStrict` is set to true.

Reviewer 2: nitpick : small typo on 'verifies'
```suggestion
`checkengines` verifies if the current Node and npm version match the required version in `package.json`, if `engineStrict` is set to true.
```

> `checkgit` prevents force pushes,  deletions and uncommited changes of protecteed branches.

Reviewer 2: nit : similar to above
```suggestion
`checkgit` prevents force pushes, deletions and uncommitted changes of protected branches.
```

`comparelocales` checks for missing translation keys between two locales (English and Welsh). Fails if any keys are missing.

> `commitmsg` enforces commit message formats. ensures the commit starts with JIRA issues ID or an allowed message.

Reviewer: "commitmsg enforces proper commit message formatting by ensuring that each commit starts with either a JIRA ticket ID or an approved prefix. Valid commit prefixes include:" <- may be clearer

- ABC-1234 Commit message.

- CHORE: Commit message.

- NOJIRA: Commit message.

- WIP: Commit message.

`lintapostrophes` verifies correct apostrophe usage in files.

> `semver` compares versions across ranges.

Reviewer: Would it be good to give an example of how to use semver here?
I'm thinking something like:

`semver` can be used to compare two semantic versions of your HMPO node app. It checks whether the first version satisfies the constraint that is defined by the second version. For example:

- `1.2.3` compared to `^1.2.0` passes, because `^1.2.0` allows any version from `1.2.0 `up to (but not including) `2.0.0`. 

- `1.2.3` compared to `^2.0.0` fails, because `1.2.3` is less than `2.0.0` which does not satisfy the constraint.
